tdp-2427:changed gather docs (#249)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/gather.md

| maxDigits         | (optional) Max number of digits to collect. Default value is 50. Range: decimal values between 1 - 50.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| interDigitTimeout | (optional) Time (in seconds) allowed between digit presses before automatically terminating the Gather. Default value is 5. Range: decimal values between 1 - 60.                                                                                                                                  |
| firstDigitTimeout | (optional) Time (in seconds) to pause after any audio from nested `<SpeakSentence>` or `<PlayAudio>` verb is played (in seconds) before terminating the Gather. Default value is 5. Range: decimal values between 0 - 60.                                                                                                           |

> | repeatCount       | (optional) The number of times the audio prompt should be repeated if no digits are pressed. For example, if this value is `3`, the nested audio clip will be played a maximum of three times. The delay between repetitions will be equal to `firstDigitTimeout`. Default value is 1. Range: 1-20.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| repeatCount       | (optional) The number of times the audio prompt should be played if no digits are pressed. For example, if this value is `3`, the nested audio clip will be played a maximum of three times. The delay between repetitions will be equal to `firstDigitTimeout`. Default value is 1. Range: 1 to 20.|
```

Reviewer: I think `The number of times the audio prompt should be repeated` is misleading.

Reviewer: Regarding `Range: x to y.`, I don't really care which format we use, but I think we should be consistent throughout our documentation, so whichever you choose, I think you should modify the other ranges to match.

> | repeatCount       | (optional) The number of times the audio prompt should be played if no digits are pressed. For example, if this value is `3`, the nested audio clip will be played a maximum of three times. The delay between repetitions will be equal to `firstDigitTimeout`. Default value is 1. `repeatCount` * number of verbs must not be greater than 20|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| repeatCount       | (optional) The number of times the audio prompt should be played if no digits are pressed. For example, if this value is `3`, the nested audio clip will be played a maximum of three times. The delay between repetitions will be equal to `firstDigitTimeout`. Default value is `1`. `repeatCount` * number of verbs must not be greater than `20` |
```

If no `gatherUrl` attribute is specified, the gathered digits are discarded and execution of verbs following the `<Gather>` continues.

### Nestable Verbs

> The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  The number of verbs that can be nested inside a Gather is 20 / repeatCount. 

Reviewer 2: I would say something more like
```
The number of audio clips played inside a `<Gather>` tag may not exceed 20, including those resulting from the `repeatCount` attribute. The total number of audio clips is equal to the `repeatCount` times the number of nested verbs.
```

> The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  The number of verbs that can be nested inside a Gather is 20 / repeatCount. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  The number of nested verbs times the `repeatCount` must not exceed 20.
```

> The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  If using a repeat count of one, up to 20 verbs can be nested. Refer to repeatCount Attribute if using a value greater than 1. 

Reviewer 3: put ticks around repeatCount and lowercase attribute.

Author: done

> The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  If using a repeat count of one, up to 20 verbs can be nested. Refer to `repeatCount` attribute if using a value greater than 1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following verbs may be nested inside of a `<Gather>` tag.  If using a repeat count of `1`, up to `20` verbs can be nested. Refer to `repeatCount` attribute if using a value greater than `1`.
```
